# Overview Zoom Design Example

## Use the github template to setup pocket flow for project

## Create a PRD to capture the requirements

1. Try the story task approach from that guy's YouTube video with all the
   rubrics.
2. In super detailed cases start with a business requirements document and then
   create the product requirements document

## Ask Cascade to build the project (actual it wil create the design doc)

Hey Cascade, help me build a project that summarize youtube video:

1. It takes a youtube link as input
2. It extracts interesting topics, and also generate questions and answers for
   each topic
3. It explains all the above in a very friendly manner as if i'm 5
4. Generate an HTML page to visualize the summary First read the docs very
   carefully. Then, start with only requirement and utility functions. stop
   there

## Modify the design doc:

1. Run through the utility functions to test them out. They will often
   dependencies, etc so its unpredictable about their functionality. You may
   have to adjust, introduce new APIs or dependencies, etc.
2. Examples:

   Simplify the utility functions: Don't process audio. find solution to get
   transcnpt directly Don't need to chunk the data

   good! IWe updated the youtube_utils.py. Update the doc Also merge the file
   utils and html utils into one so it generatez and saves html

   Help me introduce the map reduce design paradigm for each topic, create a
   batch process that process each topic one by one. Update the design doc first
   with the new diagram and node stop there

## Ask Cascade to build the project

1. "Great, implemetn the codes.
2. Then it reads to the contextual file and then populates the flow.py, which
   connects all the nodes into a workflow.
3.
